The blood type of Mr. Ye is O blood type
Does not match large blood types
What do you mean?
My blood serum doesn't work
Definitely not.
Because of high serum
It's not your blood at all.
How could Xueqin not be my daughter?
Lucifer of Lucifer
We are commonly known as Panda Xue
And your snow piano is Ouxian
Theoretically speaking
No matter what blood type his father is
It is impossible for blood birds to inherit panda blood
That's impossible.
This
How could the blood bird not be my daughter?
Of course, that's my medical opinion.
I suggest we run a DNA test
The priority is to save the serum
Other things will come later
Put out the message
Those who are willing to provide blood
Our Luo family is willing to give 5 million as a thank you
Separate arrangements for DNA monitoring
But don't let your blood relatives know
Did you already know about Rocky?
Not Ye Qingmei's biological daughter
Your trump card is truly astounding
Ahahahaha hey, bosses
How many days are there in this month?
I will definitely be able to pay it back
Old Zhu, you owe us 300,000 you are procrastinating
The boss said he wants me to pay back the money
Or take you three fingers away
You choose.
Ah please, how many days are there?
I will definitely win
I can pay the money back
I beg you, what are we fighting?
Obediently take out three fingers and let us entangle
Stop